README.md, before:

# trippart

Supplementary code for Lagrangian particle simulation from the paper: ___Adriatic currents and the population structure of a benthic fish with planktonic larvae___ by Wagner, M. , Koblmüller, S. , Zangl, L. , Hahn, C. & Sefc, K.

The simulations were done using the [Parcels](http://oceanparcels.org/) package, which we have set up in a Docker container (see [here](https://github.com/chrishah/parcels-jupyter-notebook-docker) for details), utilizing daily mean circulation fields produced by the Adriatic Forecasting System ([AFS](http://oceanlab.cmcc.it/afs/)). 

For full reproducibility, we provide here all code for doing the simulations as well as the visualization of the results:
 - [notebook I](https://github.com/chrishah/trippart/tree/master/code/simulations/simu.ipynb): shows how the data was downloaded from the AFS and how the simulations were performed.
 - [notebook II](https://github.com/chrishah/trippart/tree/master/code/simulations/extract_data.ipynb): simulation results are converted into plain text format to be processed in R.
 - [R scripts](https://github.com/chrishah/trippart/tree/master/code/visualization): How the data were plotted.

Commit message:

add rendering for notebooks and extend README

README.md, after:

# trippart

Supplementary code for Lagrangian particle simulation from the paper: ___Adriatic currents and the population structure of a benthic fish with planktonic larvae___ by Wagner, M. , Koblmüller, S. , Zangl, L. , Hahn, C. & Sefc, K.

The simulations were done using the [Parcels](http://oceanparcels.org/) package, which we have set up in a Docker container (see [here](https://github.com/chrishah/parcels-jupyter-notebook-docker) for details), utilizing daily mean circulation fields produced by the Adriatic Forecasting System ([AFS](http://oceanlab.cmcc.it/afs/)). 

For full reproducibility, we provide here all code for doing the simulations as well as the visualization of the results (note that via the links below the notebooks are rendered through [nbviewer](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/):
 - [notebook I](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/chrishah/trippart/blob/master/code/simulations/simu.ipynb): shows how the AREG data were downloaded from the AFS and how the simulations were performed.
 - [notebook II](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/chrishah/trippart/blob/master/code/simulations/extract_data.ipynb): simulation results are converted into plain text format to be processed in R.
 - [R scripts](https://github.com/chrishah/trippart/tree/master/code/visualization): How the data were plotted.
